internet good morning my name is
magnitude welcome to the Wi-Fi battle
this one against a good friend of mine
hi my name is had his Twitter lankman
description he doesn't upload videos we
still good friend of mine part of the
GPA the GV finals happening tomorrow he
forgot about that I apologize a lot of
things have happened but that'll be
happening tomorrow also if you enjoyed
the video if you could please leave a
like that'd be fantastic always shooting
for 325 likes on my pokemon videos but
let's forget about that let's get right
in the team's I have cabal Ian Altaria
golbat Claude sir tyranitar ante and he
has left a bar umbreon gengar blastoise
Macario and cured my daughter said you
know if you have either mega gengar
wakari I was gonna cut of the wind by
the fall because I don't you know III I
asked looking as Tina realized that
hazel X bar can honestly put a hurting
on a large portion of my team which is
no no no no no no plan so he's Italy
vicario imma leave the Cabana kind of
hoping he would be afraid of my clothes
combats like / volts which she doesn't
Gay actually predicted me 2 volts which
or just flat-out switch so I go on a
goal bat here he's gonna actually go
ahead go for a source and to go back
like bro
hit him with that brave bird and it does
actually 25 percentage photos gonna do
because my goal bed is completely
defensible you know offensive in the
slightest so I'm gonna just go ahead and
go on antes he's gonna predict music
which once again two turns to
predictions to switch not you know I
Easy's keys right and both of those
brides go first on it I might find mrs.
Twomey awful actually during the battle
I checked to see if I was infiltrator
but if go bad even got that cuz I look
maybe I could just have hit him through
a sub but either way he goes through
earth power because myself esta probably
done a little bit more without it gets
here John madam over today if it weren't
for my assault list that special attack
would have done more damage I was
actually now hoping here he would
predict me to switch so i go for the
surprising hidden politic which does a
little bit more than i thought it would
and he does predict me to spend with the
crit obviously he does pick me a switch
by gulf the dragon tail so fun i got one
right it's something in a while but i do
get dragged in the bun bun's that's a
girl thank you better my challenge a
while I didn't really want it's called
so I got the only thing my team that
does not mind taking a skull and that is
going to be drum world nut such as
Claude sir there's no time for general
we don't get this she goes for a
scalding does 15 damaged body gets the
burn so residual damage gonna start
packing it up pack it up pack it in let
me be get you want to rep battle me
that's in her the burn hurt by the San
some right you know he's gonna go back
and cure my mostly I as death vada
because he keep he didn't really know
what I move I wanted to pick the only
one he really could have probably taken
was the water pulse or something I'm
gonna go for water was on a Blastoise
anyway so i think i think that Aura
Sphere dark pools or dragon was all
would have killed it but I did go to
Dragon Balls anyway he does go like to
borrow whatever my I thought maybe I
could live this collective IRA is a
little weak in eyes also didn't didn't
want him to predict a switch in a teat
are go for the cross chop which I do end
up going at each other now but it
probably by the better move on today
predict him to switching and I want him
to predict me to switch and then go for
the cross chop and I would had a
detailed would have been kind of used to
stuff still give me a 43 I just go for
the crunch I had earthquake I totally
forgot you know I had a little bit i
my thought I feel living in the
blue I feel like that I feel like Jim
Carrey my rely on him he had you air
blue and I couldn't go for the earth
could go for the crunch instead they
don't take him out and go back doesn't
do anything I am a jumbled mess right
it's some child wished for me to be a
jumbled mess on his birthday glad 24
hours this I don't want to do that
we're going back to the liar liar
references the claw man just the claw go
back doesn't really wanted isn't gonna
do much to Blastoise I guess class isn't
gonna be much to go by either but I just
go back into bun buns and I get the
sense on backup so at least he's gonna
need a little gift is good he's gonna go
away but the gift he's gonna lead with
residual damage for I guess definitely
both teams but still it develops is on
this team as well this kind of negates
leftover just nice and a bulky pokemon
like Blastoise I don't have any really
hard any metric moves good you have the
bolts which right here but as you're
about to see it's not really gonna do
that much anyway so valiant
back me Ryan's going on Terry on the
skull I don't mind look at the burn I'm
also especially offensive as nothing to
me I am buffalo Santa because i am
buffett first I mean that am fast which
is nice to know because I also may full
out defensive all Terry I am actually
little special defensive but I have no
speed or attack or any kind of messing
like that so tranquil I shop yeah the
Todd happened before I thought he's
gonna switch like I'm Brianna didn't
happen but either way i miss toxic and
as a result i am no not gonna be like at
the kill from altaria for the list
because that is what happens when Santa
makes a mound so that's unfortunate he's
gonna go into a car yo thinking don't
don't have ice punch please I do it
twice this week I hope something didn't
have ice punch that had ice punch and
that obviously always has ice punch so
just a poor decision making in my part I
thought he's gonna predict I thought he
wasn't gonna for do the service called
the coast comment I was afraid of that
gengar he's in Norfolk close combat and
the go bat is gonna be robbed fevery
highway mugger e of his kill because of
the ice punch in the life for Bree coils
can bring it down and go back it's just
been stolen his kill has been stolen
from him or he's gonna go on a vendetta
to find it break developer roost there
would've been a much better move I
should have accounted for that life for
recoil I don't know why I don't know I
that play wasn't good plan of that so I
have a chance to win I gotta hopefully
gotta vote switch him right got a volt
switch him gonna go and ante to get the
pressure off I'm focused blast he has to
use gonna get him down to three focus
blasts or six if there's a gin thing or
not it's probably six but I could have
now gone back into cabal ian on the
shadow box he couldn't go to focus blast
and then go back in the nth a UH and
making these a more focused blast but
that was really really high next level
and it's not a risk of women take in
this game though seeing as i was down
and i needed it to happen
but I was like a idiot is what
happened as those two you know music
Bray porn on the munition future he to
take me on focus white asking me the
game hope you guys are this video I got
a lot of new stuff coming future so rate
comment self and I will see you guys
next time later days